Update Simulation README.md (#218)
DukeRobotics/robosub-ros: simulation/README.md

### Downloading CoppeliaSim on your personal computer
First, download CoppeliaSim Edu for your OS version from [this link](https://coppeliarobotics.com/downloads). Then, follow the steps below for your specific OS.
#### Installing on Windows
Run the downloaded .exe file.

#### Installing on Ubuntu
Move the downloaded tar file to where you'd like the CoppeliaSim folder, and run `tar -kxvf [filename]`.

#### Installing on Mac
1. Unzip the download and move the resulting folder to Applications
2. To run, click on CoppeliaSim inside of that folder
3. If you get an error about models not found, run the following at the top of the CoppeliaSim folder
```bash
sudo xattr -r -d com.apple.quarantine *
```

### Downloading Remaining Files
You'll be using files in `robosub-ros/simulation/personal`.

Make sure you have some version of Python3 installed on your personal computer. You can download and install it at [this link](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-381/).

## Running the Simulation
### Docker Simulation Setup
1. In the landside container, make sure `roscore` is running.

> 2. Run `cd dev/robosub-ros/simulation` and then `./runSim.sh &` (you may first need to run `chmod +x runSim.sh`). Wait until the terminal says `Initialization successful.` If it delays on the video compression library or meshcalc for an extended period of time, press enter a couple of times. This may be nothing more than confirmation-bias superstition.

Reviewer: The problem with this is that roscore should only be run in the onboard container. By doing the
 `source /opt/ros/melodic/setup_network.bash` you are saying that the roscore is running in the onboard container. I think you can do something like:
1. In the onboard container, make sure `roscore` is running.
2. Now, in the landside container, run ...

### Assumptions

> This readme assumes that you are able to mount the git repo in the docker container, and that you have the most recent Docker image pulled. 

Reviewer 2: Change to assuming the containers are running for [local testing](https://github.com/DukeRobotics/robosub-ros#local-testing) as specified in the main README. The current assumptions should no longer need to be stated as long as they've followed the instructions in the main readme.

### Downloading CoppeliaSim on your personal computer
#### Downloading on Windows

> Download the installer for the Edu version from [this link](http://coppeliarobotics.com/winVersions), and run the downloaded .exe file.

Reviewer 2: This link no longer works. It is now just generically https://coppeliarobotics.com/downloads for all OSes. I'd recommend having a sentence that says "Download the Edu version from [here](https://coppeliarobotics.com/downloads)." before the OS-specific instructions. Then it's up to you whether you think there's enough separate information to justify a 4th-level header for each OS, or if you should do a bullet-list to make it more compact and readable.

> Download the installer for the Edu version from [this link](http://coppeliarobotics.com/winVersions), and run the downloaded .exe file.

Reviewer 2: Comments apply to following lines since I can't seem to comment on those.
Nit: Mac should be capitalized or written as "macOS" in step 1 of the Mac instructions.
Nit: CoppeliaSim should be capitalized in step 3.
Nit: Python should be capitalized in all uses in the Downloading Remaining Files section. There are two uses I see that need to be fixed.

> Download the installer for the Edu version from [this link](http://coppeliarobotics.com/winVersions), and run the downloaded .exe file.

Reviewer 2: The heading below should read "Downloading on Ubuntu" since the downloads page only lists Ubuntu, not Linux in general.

This readme assumes that you are able to mount the git repo in the docker container, and that you have the most recent Docker image pulled. 

### Setting up the Docker Container
You will need a Docker container with port 8080 forwarded. You will be using the landside container. Run the command that you normally do to create your Docker container, but with `-p 8080:8080` added.
    
For example, you might run the command:

`docker run -td -p 2201:2201 -p 8080:8080 --mount type=bind,source=[source path],target=[mount path] dukerobotics/robosub-ros:landside`

> 

Reviewer: You can delete all of this, the docker compose file takes care of it. If you want to say something, you can say start up the landside container as usual, or as located in the main readme.

Author: Fixed.

## Running the Simulation
### Docker Simulation Setup
1. Open up a terminal and ssh into your Docker Container with the `-XY` flag (i.e. run `ssh -XY -p 2201 root@localhost`).
2. Run `source /opt/ros/melodic/setup.bash` and `roscore &`.

> 3. Run `cd dev/robosub-ros/simulation` and then `./runSim.sh &` (you may first need to run `chmod +x runSim.sh`). Wait until the terminal says `Initialization successful.` If it delays on the video compression library or meshcalc for an extended period of time, press enter a couple of times. This may be nothing more than confirmation-bias superstition.

Reviewer 2: Not something that should hold up this PR, but is there a way we can fix our files or Docker images so you don't have to run `chmod` to run that executable? @muthuArivoli maybe you have an idea?

> 4. Run whatever ROS topic publishing code you have. In `robosub-ros/simulation/docker`, there is a python script `squareCommand.py` that you can run to make the robot move approximately in a square. (In reality, the robot will spin in wide circles because the robot isn't balanced.) You can use this script to test if communication between the simulations is working.

Reviewer 2: nit: Python should be capitalized.

### Personal Computer Simulation Setup
1. Open CoppeliaSim.
2. Go to `File>Open Scene...` and open `empty_scene.ttt` in `robosub-ros/simulation/personal/scenes`.
3. Press the play button to start the simulation. The robot should start bobbing up and down.

> 4. On your computer, run `ros_coppelia_comm.py` at `robosub-ros/simulation/personal`. **If you have a Mac,** you must run this file with Python 3.

Reviewer 2: Rather than specify Python 3 like that, maybe just change the command to include Python 3. Everyone should be using Python 3 now anyway. I've reworded it here for some other clarity.
```suggestion
4. In `robosub-ros/simulation/personal` on your local machine, run `python3 run_coppelia_comm.py`.
```

5. If the robot starts moving laterally, it worked!

> #### A Note for Windows

Reviewer 2: nit: the line below this should have Windows capitalized both times it is mentioned.

## Running the Simulation
### Docker Simulation Setup

> 1. Open up a terminal and ssh into your Docker Container with the `-XY` flag (i.e. run `ssh -XY -p 2201 duke@[ip address]`).

Reviewer: It should be root@localhost. That will always work for landside.

Author: Fixed.

Reviewer: not quite, **root** at localhost, not duke

Author: Fixed for real, now.

> 2. Run `source /opt/ros/melodic/setup.bash` and `roscore &`.

Reviewer: Tell them to use the build script, as stated in the main readme. Honestly, I think you can delete these two steps (1 and 2), since it is something that you do every single time to want to use the landside container. You could also just point to the main readme and say follow that. @rabinowitz what are your thoughts?

Author: This is my bad, I looked and looked for docker documentation in the various repos but failed to check the main readme. I think step 2 should go, but it's worth keeping step 1 and saying that they should be in the landside container.

I'll also make further changes to the readme when I do the code cleanup, which will almost certainly not be done tonight, but hopefully tomorrow.

3. Run `cd dev/robosub-ros/simulation` and then `./runSim.sh &` (you may first need to run `chmod +x runSim.sh`). Wait until the terminal says `Initialization successful.` If it delays on the video compression library or meshcalc for an extended period of time, press enter a couple of times. This may be nothing more than confirmation-bias superstition.
4. Run whatever ROS topic publishing code you have. In `robosub-ros/simulation/docker`, there is a python script `squareCommand.py` that you can run to make the robot move approximately in a square. (In reality, the robot will spin in wide circles because the robot isn't balanced.) You can use this script to test if communication between the simulations is working.

> 

Reviewer: Beneath this line, there is discussion about windows 10 pro and docker toolbox. Delete all of that.

Author: Deleted.
